family How are you? Lovely to
stop by here to say hello. I hope you
're having a wonderful day. How
are my people from telesalseo? I've missed you a
lot. I've missed you a lot
and I really want to tell you
things. Okay, I'm not ruling out today, I don't
think so because today is a very full day,
but I'm not ruling out
connecting with you live at some point. Okay, I don't think so today because between going from town to town, half an hour or an hour goes by between town and town, but I'm not ruling out that at some point, maybe tomorrow I'll connect with you to comment on
some things that we had
pending. I bought a couple of
celebrity magazines that are starting to
echo the news and the scandal
of Queen Letizia with Jaime del Burgo
and things are getting pretty ugly.
The truth is that things are
getting pretty ugly. I'm telling you,
I'll try to connect with you at some
point to comment on some news.
Look at what a beautiful place I am
right now in Cobadonga. Okay,
enjoying the landscape, it's crazy.
Okay, the landscape is crazy.  I will upload
photos Although you have to come here
because I showed you the photos that I showed you, it does
n't capture it I mean the beauty that
can be appreciated here is not captured by any
camera and there were things that I left
pending in the last live the
last day before coming Well yes,
I did have some pending things that I
couldn't deal with because it was already
impossible in fact that night it was
7 in the morning recording things, I mean I
was at the friky tuers which I think
we were there for like 3 hours and from the friky
tuers I went to the salsería to leave a
bunch of excerpts and so on and from the
salsería I stayed recording Well all
the videos that you are seeing that were
scheduled here on telesalseo and it
was already impossible In fact I wanted to
record a couple of newscasts too and
no, there was no room anymore it was 7 in the morning I
had to sleep eight hours to leave
on a trip that toured the Peninsula okay It
turns out that Jos from triun Art that
Well I already assume that he is from
Teresa alceo's family  and you all
know him but if you don't know him
then look for him okay trium Art it turns out
that Jose also noticed how
respectful he is because surely
if we had had the news
and the exclusive in our hands we
would have given it quickly so that it wouldn't get
ahead of us no in the end it's not
bad either that's what this is about no But Jos I
already knew this of no If it was two or
a day before because he called me and
Javi told me at some point we do this
because we were going to do a program the
two of us okay commenting on the news Javi
this happened finally the family has
managed to take Edwin's ashes
to Colombia and they are going to hold a
mass for him and such no And I told him Jose should we open
directly or do something running but
Jose waited for it to be
confirmed well no I don't know if they
confirmed it or if they gave him permission no
the family I don't know the truth but super
respectful he waited to be able to
say it and he called me Okay when he
called me I don't know if it was the moments when
the mass had been or also that they
sent him too  Some video no that is
the video that you are going to see next and
I was already live on the friky
tuers So already apart from the friky
I interrupted for a moment to bring up a topic
like that because the truth is that it didn't fit
much it wasn't the moment we were busy with
what we were talking about and it didn't
fit and I find out that by the
way we send a kiss to José that
buo he broke his leg now the guy I do
n't know exactly what
happened to him I only know that he broke his
leg because when I was arriving I
saw that he uploaded the photo with him in the hospital
and I was like what happened to you and he already told me that
but no I don't understand well what
happened to him I already ask him when
when we have a gap that they have
echoed in socialite I am seeing that
Nuria Marín is still presenting it I don't know
until when and at the forefront of the
news of triumph nar I am going to try to make it
heard okay If it is not heard well
Anyways I will go through the Tri
unar channel because there he will give you more
details okay c months after the
murder of  Edwin Arrieta allegedly
at the hands of Daniel Sancho in Thailand
his mortal remains are already resting in Colombia A
few hours ago his family celebrated a
mass in his honor Meanwhile the
Spaniard continues under pressure from Cos
waiting to be judged in the month of
April and what remains for him is not the family of
Edwin Arrieta celebrates his funeral c months
after being murdered by Daniel
Sancho always our hearts months
after his murder the family of
Edwin Arrieta Finally says goodbye to his
mortal remains less than 48 hours ago the
doctor's ashes arrive in Colombia
the place where his family is waiting
to
bury him and there you have the images that
are triumphant
okay I don't know if you are hearing it correctly
times of the religious act that they celebrate
to say goodbye to in the cathedral of
Santa Cruz de
Lorica in the cathedral of Santa Cruz de
Lorica look there you have
[Music] I do
n't know why the
[Music]
bells ring I don't know why the
bells ring it's 1:4 I mean it's not time it's not
an hour and here  you have
here you have Jose trion Art okay eh they have
taken his video in solit man I
honestly put his name there in
the corner No I honestly here you have
Jose's Twitter okay so you can follow him
I honestly would have seen it
better if he had given him a call and for him to
give the information he had Okay
family Well basically what
happened is that they have finally managed to
take egn's remains to Colombia
not so that his family can at least
give him eh burial which you know
that they were looking forward to and it was the
only wish they had because they are very
Christian and they were in doubt that they would be
able to do it because it was
said
that they were asking them for a lot of money, I mean but
I remember that they were talking about
00,000 or some outrageous amount like that okay I mean they were
asking them for a lot of money to transport the
ashes from Thailand to Colombia and also
since the investigation was going on it couldn't be
done because of the issue of
autopsies and such that I didn't see much
sense or much explanation as to why it
couldn't be taken and why it would cost so much, so much
money  all because I
say Well, what does that
money go to, what does that money go to, right? I mean, at
most, the transfer. No, well, whatever
the transfer costs, not that someone goes back and
forth, that someone takes it on the plane,
no, but 50,000, 60,000 euros, they were talking about
amounts that didn't make much
sense to me. But well, finally,
Wi Rieta's remains have been taken there.
I imagine that it's obviously now
closed, imo, eh,
any new episode of the
investigation that they had to do,
okay, when it's already been cremated, well,
we assume that there's no more
autopsy to do, there's
absolutely nothing more to do and may
the man rest in peace. Okay, the trial
is in April, you know that we'll be
covering it fully and that any
new news that comes out, we'll keep you
informed. Trium Art, okay, Trium Art.
Look for the channel on YouTube, completely
recommended, I have a ton of
programs with him here on telesalseo in
case you want to see them. We've also hit it big
when we've done programs
together. I send you a huge kiss. Happy New Year
In case we don't talk before, have a good time
with the family, have a good
start to the year and I love you very much.
Bye, family.